{"type":"video","mylink":"https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=rH_RV4bzNSo","mytitle":"Dr. Steven Greer,Adam Curry\uff1a Consciousness and The Universe ","mylang":"en"}
most people have heard of the random
number generator studies through the
global consciousness project a question
tonight can you actually measure the
emotional outpouring in a worldwide
crisis sometimes scientists think that
they have done just that their machines
and computers found a bizarre pattern
right after several global disasters
this was an experiment in which
researchers placed dozens of random
number generators around the world and
analyze their data to see if they could
discover anything about global or
collective consciousness on September
11th a few hours before the first plane
struck this network of random number
generators became more coherent less
random and more coherent it may sound
bizarre but dr. Nelson and his team have
been at this for the better part of a
decade the first spike showed up in 1997
with the death of Princess Diana other
events like the Concorde crashed the
Madrid train bombing and the Pope&#39;s
funeral all registered on those random
number generators but early on the
morning of September 11 the data went
off the charts the odds of this being a
coincidence is less than one in 100
billion this shows there is a deep
relationship between collective
consciousness and the physical world