{"type":"video","mylink":"https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=D8WuxiJ-mJo","mytitle":"Dr. Steven Greer,A Secret Agenda for Interplanetary War ","mylang":"en"}
if you look at a lot of the disclosure
project materials which is beyond the
scope of this film we identified dozens
of people who are at intercontinental
ballistic missile nuclear silos nuclear
weapons areas who had had UFOs come in
to those areas surveilling them but in
some cases rendering those missiles
unlaunchable now most of the men that
were in those silos have said to me
personally they felt that these ETS were
saying please don&#39;t blow up this
beautiful planet but if you do if you go
to mutual assured destruction the full
launch of nuclear weapons globally we
can intercept a lot of them so that you
don&#39;t go to a full extinction level
event they felt that it was actually a
very hopeful thing that happened
meanwhile people came along took the
same data the same cases and spun it
into a national security threat one set
of facts two narratives diametrically
opposed opposite the danger of this of
course is that this is exactly what all
the fascistic demagogues do to an
innocent target whether it be Jews in
Germany or african-americans in this
country they will create sort of a a
boogeyman effect to try to get people
mobilized against it and as one member
of a royal family told me we need to do
things so that the public will accept in
blood and treasure the sacrifice is
needed to have an interplanetary war I&#39;m
quoting bombshell CIA documents
previously published by a disclosure
project reveal a decades-long
psychological warfare campaign to
cultivate a culture of fear towards
extraterrestrials