{"type":"video","mylink":"https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=iu42LxxyWyc","mytitle":"Dr. Steven Greer,Close Encounters of the Fifth Kind (Jim Martin Witness Experience) ","mylang":"en"}
when I first started out it was shocking
the first few orbs I saw the phenomenon
I saw it changed my entire paradigm the
first sighting was an incredible
triangle formation of three golden
spheres over my apartment in Newport
Beach California I ran outside and saw
this formation right above my house at
close range and I managed to capture it
on film as I put the lens on it I saw
they were three perfect golden spheres
all holding this incredible formation
over my apartment
the longer I filmed the more maneuvers
they demonstrated and it was clear the
objects were under intelligent control
it was Christmas morning December 2016 I
was on my porch having coffee when I saw
this incredible double Stage Door flying
through the air I was following this
object upward and I went right up like
it was going to pass out of my line of
sight when I asked the object please
turn back around I didn&#39;t want the
experienced and amazingly it stopped
changed direction
and headed back downward that was truly
profound to me that I could meditate
send my thought into the universe and
then have a visual response in the sky
to confirm that we are interacting with
each other
that says something about the nature of
mind the nature of the phenomenon itself
and the power of our own consciousness
to interact in October to 18 we had the
biggest sighting I&#39;ve seen yet in Long
Beach California
my girlfriend and I were in the backyard
when we saw this huge white object in
the sky this was different than most of
the normal orbs I film this object was
elongated and almost looked like a
moving portal in the sky amazingly once
I got the camera on it an incredible
triangle formation of orbs shot out of
this main object and I captured it on
film you can hear how excited I am in
the film to see this again this triangle
formation for the third time
 is that thing Wow
holy
continued to film the object as it
traversed across the sky when suddenly
it started ejecting a series of these
smaller orbs 50 smaller objects and
Counting strangely I could only see the
smaller orbs on my infrared camera they
were not visible to the naked eye goes
to show you how much is flying around in
the sky that we can&#39;t see