{"type":"video","mylink":"https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=lIHHLEodtIQ","mytitle":"Dr. Steven Greer,Contact\uff1a The CE5 Experience ","mylang":"en"}
foreign
just as the world was shutting down for
the first time
an interesting documentary called Close
Encounters of the fifth kind appeared
online
it claims that a group of people have
figured out how to make contact with
UFOs and it promised to teach you how to
do it
my name is Serena DC and I saw a Close
Encounters of the fifth kind the second
it came out
I followed all of the instructions and
sure enough I had my own life-changing
contact experience
I wanted to learn more about Close
Encounters of the fifth kind ce5 for
short
so I reached out to Dr Steven Greer The
Man Behind the documentary an advocate
for all of these radical ideas
Dr Greer granted me exclusive
never-before-seen access to one of his
Advanced workshops where he teaches his
protocols so my team patched their bags
and headed straight for Oracle Arizona
this is what happened