{"type":"video","mylink":"https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=W0tR12L2_6U","mytitle":"Dr. Steven Greer,Dr. Steven Greer\uff1a UFOs are not a threat ","mylang":"en"}
this footage captured by NASA&#39;s
discovery Space Shuttle on September 15
1991 shows an extraterrestrial vehicle
dodged an electronic weapon fired from
Earth here we see the craft slowly
crossing the frame there&#39;s a bright
flash and then it makes an abrupt right
angle turn and flies off moments after
the turn we see the shot fired across
space where the craft had just been
knowing all that if they were hostile in
the way we think of an invading hostile
force that would have been made
abundantly clear to us the day we
detonated the first atomic bomb the fact
is they have shown remarkable restraint
almost a level of a Gandhian pacifist
not to have pushed back so the threat is
an extraterrestrial the threat is Cobra
human these secret projects are an
existential threat to earth the
environment and to our peace and space
and relationship with these
civilizations I remember being at
wright-patterson Air Force Base where a
lot of the Roswell stuff ended up and it
was the foreign technology division of
the Air Force and I was there to do a
briefing and the colonel said well what
if these civilizations are a threat he
was trying to bring me into that view
and I said sir with all due respect
given the galactically stupid things you
have been doing if they were a threat
you would know it by now and we would
not be having this conversation and
breathing the free air of Earth it would
have been pointless that match over