{"type":"video","mylink":"https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=u7mEnmx1HIo","mytitle":"Dr. Steven Greer,Saucer-shaped Objects Over D.C. ","mylang":"en"}
I am Lauren Ross dietrichson colonel USA
retired I got a bachelor science degree
and then the Air Force sent me to
Stanford Business School the study
management and then promptly assigned me
to Washington DC and I served in the
chief of staff&#39;s office shortly for
orientation and then they put me into
the US Atomic Energy Commission where I
became responsible for maintaining the
inventory of the accountability of the
nuclear weapons stockpile and involved
in the security and the might say
auditing the manufacturing facilities
and the storage facilities for all the
nuclear weapons in the US and I was
there while I was there I had my first
incident with UFOs which in mid-july
they flew over Washington DC and I saw
my first nine UFOs this is July of 1952
of course during that period of time I
made a lot of contacts I was a staff
officer for the military liaison
committee between the chairman of the
AEC and the Secretary of Defense and so
I became acquainted with not only the
Army Navy and Air Force but civilian
agencies the CIA the National Security
Agency and other contacts which I
developed during that period of time one
of my functions was to company a
security team which visited all of the
nuclear facilities to check on the
security weapons and we were getting
reports of visits by UFOs over the
storage facilities and even some of the
manufacturing facilities and that went
on continuously now we found that the
reports the formal reports were few and
far between but the security people were
reluctant to report many of them because
the protocol and the bureaucracy
involved in in reporting them they just
avoided reporting later I was assigned
to the Sandia Corporation as a military
liaison and I was involved in establish
the quality assurance program for the
manufacturer and the quality and the
maintenance of the nuclear weapon so we
had to visit all of the manufacturing
facilities such as Rocky Flats and the
Pantex facility which assembled the
nuclear and non-nuclear components of
the weapons and so there again we
observed the UFOs were very much
interested in the facilities that we
were visiting but we did get constant
referrals to what are all these UFOs
hanging around here for and so then
after that siege this was during the 50s
to the entire 50s then I was assigned to
the unified Pacific Command under
Admiral felt during the 60s and I was
the officer in charge of the alternate
command post involved in nuclear weapon
operation planning
and during that period of time I was
maintained contacts with NORAD with the
sac operations involved in the single
integrated operational plans for the use
of nuclear weapons and during this
period of time I also in learned of a
number of incidents which happened and
then further on IRA finally retired from
the Air Force and joined the Boeing
Company where I was assigned to the
Minuteman program where I was
responsible for the configuration
accounting of all the nuclear fleet of
miliband 1 2 &amp; 3 and during that period
of time I also learned about incidents
involving nuclear weapons and among
these incidents were a couple of nuclear
weapons sent into space were destroyed
by the extraterrestrials in talking to
various contacts throughout they would
allude to the fact that these did happen
there was for example the missile
Minuteman missile was destroyed of the
launch from Vandenberg Air Force Base
that&#39;s now a public matter of record the
one incident for example was they they
actually photographed the UFO following
the missile as it climbed into space and
shining a beam on it which neutralized
the V of the missile and this was
recorded was all hushed up they split up
the team to observe it but of course
eventually the the news came out and it
was greater publish news confirmed in
fact they were taken so seriously that
the reporters would often not report
them because it involves so much
bureaucracy and protocol and etc they
deliberately would not report them
almost almost cases where the UFOs
became identified at least on a radar or
reports why they would try to scramble a
aircraft to intercept them it was a very
aggressive you might say response from
our own government and that is their
major concern is to preserve the
integrity of the earth because it
affects their own
system well there was one incident one
that we exploded a nuclear weapon over
the Pacific and this was in about 61 I
believe and the conservation that it
caused because it shut out
communications entirely with the Pacific
Basin for a number of hours in which no
radio transmission was available at any
time and this was very significant and
of course this was one of the things
that the extraterrestrials later I
learned were highly concerned about
because it affected our ionosphere and
in fact spacecraft were unable to
operate because of the pollution in the
magnetic field of which they depended
upon the very end of the 70s of the
early 80s we attempted to put a nuclear
weapon on the moon and exploded for
scientific measurements and other things
which was not acceptable to the
extraterrestrials and what happened they
destroyed the weapon before it got to
the moon with reference to the incident
which our government sent a nuclear
weapon for explosion on the moon&#39;s
surface
it was tended to as I understand it to
assess some scientific data and reaction
and so forth the idea of any explosion
in space by any earth government was not
acceptable to the extraterrestrials and
that has been stem instated over and
over what the consequent how was that
demonstrated by the destruction of any
nuclear weapon sent into space that was
at the time when I was assigned to the
Atomic Energy Commission on Independence
Avenue and it just so happened that I
was out that evening and and the
incident occurred and and looking up I
held my hand up when they were bigger
than my thumb over my head over
Washington
it was very they were very visible and
they the second time they appeared over
Washington
not see them that time but of course it
caused a great fire in the newspapers
and a lot of excuses by the government
officials and and rationale and so forth
I counted nine of the night that I saw
them they were around the typical disk
type aircraft of spacecraft but they
were there they were illuminated they
were quite visible their configuration
was very conspicuous there were not
aircraft because I&#39;m a I have been a
pilot for 20 years and I&#39;m acquainted
wonderwhat aircraft look like well I was
with the Atomic Energy Commission during
a period of 51 52 53 and 54 and at that
time as I said my one of my functions
was to visit all of the storage
facilities throughout the United States
for security purposes to see that the at
that time the custody of the nuclear
components was in control of the
civilians and of course the non-nuclear
components were under the custody of the
military so there was a split
responsibility for the weapon custodial
care so our job was to audit the
functions of both the military and the
civilian and while there we encountered
constantly encountered these reports
from security personnel who had to be
out in the field around the igloos and
the other storage facility that at
nighttime particularly these incidents
would occur in some cases there were
confirmations radar
yes at the storage facilities
particularly because they were in or
near military installations
yes that&#39;s true shortly after I retired
from the Air Force and I still was
maintaining contact with friends and
associates at the various places and on
Colonel Parker and the Air Defense
Command the Space Command particularly I
would run into him you mentioned an
incident which I later confirmed a
spacecraft went
the rescue of Apollo 13 and they
accompanied Apollo 13 on their voyage
around the moon and back to earth and on
two occasions they thought they might
have to transfer the crew to their
spacecraft but they saw them safely back
to the earth people were interested in
the extraterrestrial technology
very much so in fact that was the time
when area 51 became notorious well I
guess there&#39;s more and more people like
me are getting along in years if dr. doe
would like to recall some of the
incidents that they&#39;ve encountered and
if the truth is going to come out sooner
or later
okay and something else it flew into the
frame like this and it shot a beam of
light at the warhead which is
represented by my thumb here now
remember all this stuff is flying at
several thousand miles an hour so this
thing fires a beam of light at the
warhead hits it and then this thing
flies up like this meanwhile we&#39;re all
going like this fires another beam of
light goes around like this we&#39;re going
like this