{"type":"video","mylink":"https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=dJVg1HBlWA4","mytitle":"Dr. Steven Greer,Unacknowledged\uff1a Roswell, UFOs, and Nuclear Weapons ","mylang":"en"}
Roswell was not the beginning it was a
turning point we just dropped two bombs
on a country we had a test of that bomb
a few months earlier a few weeks earlier
in New Mexico this probably was observed
by these aliens somewhere whether they
were doing for reconnaissance back then
or how they figured it out so they came
here to observe and try to figure out
what the heck was that at the time of
the crash shortly after the detonation
of the first atomic weapons Roswell was
the only nuclear-armed squadron in the
world if you accept the
multi-dimensional theory is highly
likely we&#39;ve got a hell of a lot of
damage in somebody else as well they
believe the more time reserve engineer
the underlying theme that connects most
of the disclosure project Case Files is
the fact that these Close Encounters
tend to occur near our nuclear
facilities suggesting that these
visitors are deeply concerned with our
hostility and the existential threat
that we pose to ourselves and others
once we learned to split the atom