{"type":"video","mylink":"https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=dEnM2clDxKs","mytitle":"Dr. Steven Greer,Unleashing the Power of Consciousness Unlocking a World Beyond Our Bodies ","mylang":"en"}
ious this faculty of being sentient
awake is not limited to our brain waves
or our bodies but in fact transcends the
limits of space time is an unbounded
field of awareness and that is true
whether you recognize it or not so you
can think of it kind of like a coin
flipper Where Heads is one and Tails is
zero now if you collect a large enough
sample size you find a 50/50
distribution of these ones and zeros
meaning physical reality is behaving the
way it should well if you get somebody
in front of the machine and you ask them
to use their intention to mean shift the
thing to more ones or more zeros what
you find is that there&#39;s not all the
time but often a significant mean shift
in the direction of their intention
Consciousness may not be localized to
our bodies but may be a fundamental
feature of the physical world in which
we live